OCM-2237: Fix path also to be used for the operator roles creation (#138)
terraform-redhat/terraform-provider-ocm: docs/upgrading-cluster.md

    ```
    export TF_VAR_openshift_version=<version_number>
    ```

> 1. If you choose to upgrade to a new version that necessitates approval, particularly when transitioning between major Y-Streams, you may be asked to provide administrative confirmation regarding significant modifications for your cluster. In such a scenario, during the initial upgrade attempt, you will receive an error message that provides guidance on the necessary changes. It is crucial to diligently follow those instructions and only acknowledge completion of the requirements by adding the "upgrade_acknowledgements_for" attribute to your resource, specifying the target version. For instance, if you are upgrading from 4.11.43 to 4.12.21, you should use '4.12' as the value for this variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When upgrading to a new cluster version, especially when transitioning between major Y-Streams, it requires approval. You might be requested to provide administrative confirmation regarding significant modifications for your cluster. In this case, when you first attempt the upgrade, you will receive an error message that provides guidance on the necessary modifications. It is essential to follow those instructions carefully and indicate completion of the requirements by adding the "upgrade_acknowledgements_for" attribute to your resource, specifying the target version. For example, if you are upgrading from 4.11.43 to 4.12.21, you should use '4.12' as the value for this variable.
```
